Mother pig has three children, one is called the little black pig, one is called little white, there is a little pig.

One day, a mother pig said to the pig: "now, you have grown up, should learn some skills. You go to build a house!"

The three little pigs asked: "mom, what house?" A mother pig said: "rice straw, wood, brick can build a house, but there is no solid wooden room, straw no brick sturdy wooden room."

The three little pigs happily go. Walking, walking, saw a pile of straw. The little black pig favour say: "I'll use the straw cover straw." Little white and little pig walked forward, walking, walking, saw a pile of wood there. Little pig hurriedly say: "I'll use this wood cover between the sticks."

Little pig walked forward, walking, walking, saw a pile of bricks in the front. Little pig said happily: "I will use this brick building brick house." So the little pig brick by brick to cover. In a short time, the sweat out, arm also acid, flower pig also refused to rest. Half-built brick house! Little pig happy smile.

Behind the mountain there lived a Wolf, it heard to the three little pigs, laughed, said: "the three little pigs better, just let me eat satisfied!"

The Wolf came to straw house, called the little black pig opened the door. The little black pig refused to open. The Wolf hard hit, straw will fall down. The little black pig quickly out of straw, running shout: "Wolf is coming! The Wolf is coming!" The little white wooden room heard, hurriedly opened the door and let the little black pig in, and shut the door tightly.

The Wolf came before the log house, called little white opened the door. The little pig refused to open. The Wolf hit hard, wooden houses shake. The Wolf and a bump on the hard, log house will fall down, the little black pig, little white wooden room hurriedly escape, run to shout: "Wolf is coming! The Wolf is coming!" A brick house flower pig heard, hurriedly opened the door and let the little black pig and little white in, and shut the door tightly.

The Wolf came to the brick house, called little pig open the door. The little pig refused to open. The Wolf hard hit, brick motionless and crashed again, brick or motionless. The Wolf run out whole body energy, the brick hit a brick or motionless. The Wolf head crashed out of the three bumps, fall to fall to the ground. The Wolf saw the roof has a big chimney, just climb up the roof and the chimney drilling. The three little pigs is busy in the chamber of a stove or furnace add a lot of wood, the fire burned is prosperous. The Wolf from the chimney drilling, fell into the big furnace, the fire burned to death.
